hello Billy core from the Carolinas are
from all Wiki it's Wednesday March 20th
of 2013 and download 304 on YouTube has
his own little um unboxing bed well
here's mine
anyway um this week YouTube user uh Elmo
3 was kind enough to sell me what will
be my very first IBM ThinkPad computer I
have wanted an IBM ThinkPad for years
now but I've never really had a chance
to get one cause the price wasn't right
well Elmo 3 was gracious enough to sell
me one in a very very reasonable price
and this is a think pad t23 a Pentium 3
machine Oh bleep so let's go ahead and
unbox this and arrive today he mailed it
money so UPS was
all right plus a good packing material
here I believe this is the external
floppy drive this is the power cord I'm
not sure what this is oh that might
think this is the docking station and
here is the laptop it's silk
the IBM ThinkPad T 23 and look at some
pretty good shape open this pretty
good-looking laptop huh it's a ably be
said it has um Windows 2000 on it but I
plan to install windows 98 second
edition on here so I can have a good
windows 98 gaming computer let's see if
it turns on and it looks like it does
okay it says it's starting Windows
Windows 2000 professionals excuse me
while I get this tripod going it's a
pretty sharp looking machine um I'm just
glad to finally own one of these this is
one of those 1 gigahertz um Pentium 3
chips
Windows 2000 a great operating system
but I but for what this laptops gonna do
for me
Windows 2000 just didn't gonna work oh
yeah the Eraserhead mail some clocks
about an hour off but I guess it's it
hadn't changed for daylight savings time
yet
I might get wrong time zone and start
being you see what we got on here gosh
we got a lot a lot of good stuff on here
we got one things like um copy of
Microsoft Office most likely mm yep try
to keyboard out yeah that's this is a
VIP I think I'm gonna light this
computer
oh great is Clippy yeah yeah do you want
to save the changes not it's really not
like one of my biggest masterpieces and
it's good as a kind of oh I think that's
a scroll button there it's good of my
computer it's got about two hundred and
sixty something Meg's of RAM
1.3 gigahertz Pentium 3 C uses a s 3
super savage graphics card modem has a
built-in Ethernet it looks like and
crystal audio very nice I'll be doing a
a more full video on this computer once
I get everything going on it but for now
let's go ahead and shut it down
and yep l Moultrie my I deeply
appreciate you I'm selling this to me
and Ben won in one of these four years
and I finally got one
these IBM ThinkPads they're they're
tough as nails and and I'm glad to
finally own one it's uh now wait to show
you the ports everything later but for
now thank you for the fur the IP for the
iPad what am I thinking the IBM ThinkPad
and we'll see you later this is Billy
course signing off